$Id: README,v 1.15 2006-12-08 15:57:52 mike Exp $

What's what in this directory:

README -- This file

yazserver.xml -- The primary configuration file that controls how
	Zebra runs (as a YAZ GFS application) in order to serve the
	ZeeRex database.  This specifies where to find this database's
	own ZeeRex record (zeerex.xml), the configuration for
	translating CQL queries into Z39.50 Type-1 (pqf.properties),
	and the Zebra-specific configuration (zebra.cfg).

zeerex.xml -- The static ZeeRex record for this database of ZeeRex
	records.  It describes what a ZeeRex database looks like, and
	how it behaves.  (Life would be better if Zebra could at least
	partially work this out for itself, but for now we have to go
	the long way round.)

zeerex-2.0.xsd -- The XML Schema describing ZeeRex records, as
	downloaded from the official ZeeRex site at:
		http://explain.z3950.org/dtd/zeerex-2.0.xsd
	Originally, this was used to validate both our own static
	ZeeRex record and the records created by IRSpy, using:
		xmllint --noout --schema zeerex-2.0.xsd zeerex.xml
	However, it can no longer be used for this purpose, as the
	records now carry IRSpy-specific extensions that the schema
	does not understand.  Eventually a new schema (most likely in
	Relax NG Compact format) will be created for validation of the
	extendd records.

pqf.properties -- The specification for how CQL queries are translated
	into 39.50 Type-1 queries.  This file is identical to the one
	supplied in the YAZ distribution: we'd just use that if there
	was a reliable way to discover where it is.

ezeerex2pqfproperties.pl -- An in-progress script to automatically
	generate the pqf.properties file from an extended ZeeRex
	record.  Not yet in use.  A Makefile controls the use of this
	script to generate "terse.properties", which may be, but is
	not, used in place of "pqf.properties".

zebra.cfg -- Zebra-specific configuration, including the location of
	the register files, the location of the XSLT filter
	configuration (filterconf.xml), etc.

htpasswd -- Password file for the "admin" user who has permission to
	update the database remotely.

filterconf.xml -- Configuration of Zebra's XSLT filter, which uses
	XSLT stylesheets to identify the indexable data in incoming
	files and to transform records for presentation.

zeerex2index.xsl -- The indexing stylesheet for ZeeRex records.  It's
	possible to check what indexer will see as follows:
		xsltproc zeerex2index.xsl zeerex.xml

zeerex2zeerex.xsl -- The "no-op" stylesheet for presenting ZeeRex
	records.

zeerex2dc.xsl -- A stylesheet for presenting Dublin Core records.

zeerex2id.xsl -- A trivial stylesheet that just yields the record
	identifier (not as an XML document).

profile -- Notes on the indexes in the ZeeRex profile, with
	indications of whether they are yet supported by the Zebra
	configuration in this directory.

records -- A subdirectory containing ZeeRex records to be added to the
	database.  These were harvested from Index Data's existing
	target-test database using
		scp -r bagel.indexdata.dk:/home/perhans/targettest/xml records
	processed to add the missing namespace, and archived into a
	single file records.tar.gz, which needs to be unpacked:
		tar xfz records.tar.gz

db -- A subdirectory containing the actual database: register files,
	dictionaries and suchlike.

form.html -- A simple HTML search form that submits SRU queries to a
	server running on local port 3313.

init-script -- A startup/shutdown script for controlling the zebra
	server according to "System V init" rules.

crontab -- An example file that can be used to automate periodic
	running of a test or tests.  This can be installed using:
		sudo crontab crontab
	But you probably want to edit it first.

--

To create the database and start the server:

zebraidx-2.0 init # Remove any existing database records
zebraidx-2.0 update zeerex.xml # The single record describe this DB, or:
zebraidx-2.0 update records # The many records harvested from Index Data
zebraidx-2.0 commit
zebrasrv-2.0 -f yazserver.xml

To run all these commands, use:
sed -n '/^zebraidx/,+3p' README | while read line; do eval $line; done

Then interrogate the database with SRU URLs such as:
	http://localhost:3313/IR-Explain---1?version=1.1&operation=searchRetrieve&maximumRecords=10&recordSchema=zeerex&query=net.protocol=sru

